Add new hooks used in migrating Fabric components to functional components (#12629)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-hooks/README.md

  // ... code that shows a dialog when a button is clicked ...
};
```

## useControllableValue

`function useControllableValue<TValue, TElement extends HTMLElement>( controlledValue: TValue | undefined, defaultUncontrolledValue: TValue | undefined, ): Readonly<[TValue | undefined, (newValue: TValue | undefined) => void]>`

`function useControllableValue< TValue, TElement extends HTMLElement, TCallback extends ChangeCallback<TElement, TValue> | undefined \>( controlledValue: TValue | undefined, defaultUncontrolledValue: TValue | undefined, onChange: TCallback, ): Readonly<[TValue | undefined, (newValue: TValue | undefined, ev: React.FormEvent<TElement>) => void]>`

Hook to manage the current value for a component that could be either controlled or uncontrolled, such as a checkbox or input field.

> It's two required parameters are the `controlledValue` (the current calue of the control in the controlled state), and the `defaultUncontrolledValue` (for the uncontrolled state). Optionally, you may pass a third `onChange` callback to be notified of any changes triggered by the control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its two required parameters are the `controlledValue` (the current value of the control in the controlled state), and the `defaultUncontrolledValue` (for the uncontrolled state). Optionally, you may pass a third `onChange` callback to be notified of any changes triggered by the control.
```

> The return value will be a setter function that will set the internal state in the unctrolled state, and invoke the onChange callback if present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value will be a setter function that will set the internal state in the uncontrolled state, and invoke the `onChange` callback if present.
```
